---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## Short summary

Born in 1993 in Novi Sad, Serbia. Raised in Veternik, place where I live
currently.  Attended "Isidora SekuliÄ‡" grammar school in Novi Sad. Finished
Faculty of Techincal Sciences in Novi Sad also. Got a job in Novi Sad. You can
say I'm pretty attached to the city I grew up in.

##  The Begginings (elementary and high school)

Since I was a kid I was into computers, playing around with MS DOS my on a
computer my father had bought for small grocery shop he owned.  This is what
got me into computers, playing **Prince of Percia** and **Alladin** on an that
old computer, knowing there's more to it.

In the middle of elementary school, I got really interested in motorcycles and
MotoGP. I was also watching Orange County Choppers on Discovery Channel and
wanted to build my own bike. Luckily my father had **Tomos A3L** that I
restored (painted and tinkered around) until I got it into mint condition. Back
then I wanted to become a mechanic and enroll into school of that sort.

In parallel to my biking passion, I was attending extra-curriculum classes in
elementary school trying to get more into computers. In those classes in
elementary school is where I build my first program and at that time, it didn't
feel good as fixing or riding a motorcycle. First thing I build was a prank, it
was a program when run would show a button "Don't click me" and if you clicked
it your computer would shut down. Yeah, I was a prankster.

Eventually I'd enroll into grammar school and pursue my programming
furthermore, while slowly less wanting to become a mechanic, and more wanting
to do something with computers. In the grammar school I programmed in **Basic**
and **Delphi**, which I didn't like as much, I was always more of a eye-candy
kind of guy. I wanted to build something that is more elegant and beautiful.

## University days

The desire to built something more beautiful and useful than high school
programs fueled me to get into Faculty of Technical Sciences in Computer
Science. At first I was lost, it felt like it wasn't the right path for me. But
eventually, around second year of university, I started to like programming and
kinda fell in love with the process of writing code.

## Internship and my first love

After experimenting with different things in university, like Java, compilers
optimization and such, I mostly liked web development. I hated coding in Java,
and knew there must be something more appealing than plain Java. There came
internship at Rendered Text, where I was introduced to **Ruby** (and Ruby on
Rails). It was kind of a love at first sight. Way it preaches self-improvement
and self-teaching, and how simple it is - made me awestruck.

I can now with confidence say that the Ruby is my favourite programming
language and I cannot stop loving it. Nowadays I'm focusing on Rails, Elixir,
JavaScript (React and Angular) and I really want to get more into machine
learning (more than I've done it in university)
